2015 has been an excellent year for
flagship smartphones
Samsung has released the galaxy s6 their
most premium and most beautifully
designed smartphone ever while HTC had a
minor but very solid upgrade to their
legendary one series with the one m9 oh
and LG while LG has released the g4 a
phone that very well may be the best
smartphone you can buy
the g4 looks pretty similar to previous
flagships from the Korean giant most
iconic Li the volume and power buttons
are on the back and not on the sides
like a traditional smartphone and while
they take time getting used to I ended
up liking them quite a bit as they
offered easy access in both portrait and
landscape modes now the g4 unlike other
premium flagships this year is assembled
nearly entirely of plastic unless of
course you opted in for the more
expensive leather option which is still
almost all plastic
now don't be mistaken the phone is
sturdy and well built but it doesn't
feel like an ultra premium and expensive
2015 flagship like the iPhone or the
Galaxy s6
it has a very 2013 look to it now one
advantage to this plastic design is that
it's one of the few remaining flagships
with a removable back cover behind the
cover provides access to a SIM slot a
removable battery and yes you guessed it
expandable SD storage the phone's IPS
quantum display is ever so slightly
curved
now this concave has a few specific
advantages the first one is that glare
is reduced and outdoor visibility is
quite excellent the second is that it's
a lot more rigid and less prone to
cracking if you drop it and third it's
just much better to hold even though
this phone has a large 5.5 inch display
it feels like a tiny phone in comparison
to the flat uncomfortably large and non
ergonomic iPhone 6 plus
now the gentle curve of the g4 makes it
a treat to hold and is one of the most
comfortable phones I've ever used
although because of the curve it can
feel slightly awkward in pocket as for
the LCD IPS display wow what a beautiful
screen this LCD IPS display is quad HD
rocking a resolution of can you guess it
ding-ding-ding 2560 by 1440 now LG
markets the display as quote an IPS
quantum display end quote which
translated into english means that it
has the vibrancy brightness and contrast
of an OLED display but the ability to
accurately reproduce colors like a good
LCD it's really the best of both worlds
the blacks on the g4 are really good
they're closer to an OLED
then to an LCD with very little light
bleed now the color accuracy makes it
excellent at dialing in skin tones and
contrast while shooting photos and video
speaking of photos the LG g4 has the
best camera of any smartphone on the
market period the 16 megapixel rear
camera has a massive sensor crazy low
aperture at F 1.8 laser autofocus and of
course optical image stabilization now
the camera gives you fully manual
controls like shooting in RAW which is
pretty awesome but what's even more
awesome is how good and how quick the
automatic mode is now the g4 is fast a
focus it accurately decides white
balance and contrast and it takes
pictures quickly it's not as fast as the
iPhone but it's certainly faster than
the note 4 and even the galaxy s6
low-light performance is unlike any
smartphone before it and I'm amazed at
the shots that this camera can get
without flash one complaint that I have
with the camera and one that's shared by
many is that
LG's camera software tends to over
sharpen photos in a lot of occasions
that when zoomed can look very unnatural
and distorted hopefully this is fixed in
a future software update but even still
I hold no reservations in saying that
the GeForce camera supersedes that of
the competition for selfie addicts out
there yeah we know you're one of them
the front-facing camera is also superb
an 8 megapixel shooter is ready to
capture your lovely mug and integrates a
few neat features that we've seen before
like a selfie light that uses the
display to illuminate your face as well
as gestures to get the perfect shot
now that we've talked about the outside
let's get an idea of the innards the LG
g4 rocks a hexa core snapdragon 808
processor clocked at 1.8 gigahertz which
I along with many others were sad to
hear as we were hoping for the
Snapdragon 810 that's present in the
galaxy s6 after a few months of use
though I'm convinced that the 808 was
the right option for the g4 keep in mind
it still has three gigs of RAM so the
phone is fast
the menus transitions and user
experience were never crippled by lag or
delay gaming was a charm and while the
phone did get warm I never felt like it
lacked power ever the only place that I
noticed that the phone wasn't up to
snuff again
the competition namely the galaxy s6 was
when I ran benchmarks but that was
literally it it's that good one huge
advantage to the more efficient
processor that not many reviewers have
talked about is that the g4 is much
nicer to the battery than say the galaxy
s6 which is infamous for poor battery
life I was able to get to the end of the
day on a single charge every single day
but one which had extremely heavy usage
as I was traveling and watching movies
on average I'd see I got from five and a
half to six hours of on-screen time now
while not likely that you'll run out of
juice the advantage to the g4 is that
one it has a removable and swappable
battery and B and this is the best part
like the galaxy s6
it supports Qualcomm quick charge and
can fill up to nearly eighty percent
charge in less than half an hour now
this charger isn't supplied by LG and in
fact LG isn't even actively marketing it
but has acknowledged that it's a feature
and that users can find a third-party
charger on Amazon for 10 to 15 dollars
the g4 at launch is running android 5.1
with LG's skin on top now being
completely honest the functionality of
LG software is actually really great in
fact in many instances I preferred it to
stock Android that's functionally
speaking aesthetically it's a mess
there's weird scrolling text
goofy-looking widgets and inconsistent
icons that said LG has taken a lot of
really great features from other
companies and integrated it into their
own software the most notable of such is
dual window that comes from Samsung's
TouchWiz now I only use it a few times
but it was nice being able to watch
YouTube videos and check Twitter while
on the toilet another neat feature that
LG has integrated is automation based on
activity and location for example you
can set your music app to open when you
plug in headphones or have Google Maps
appear when you connect to your car's
Bluetooth the view of LG's widgets are
redundant unnecessary and oftentimes
downright ugly but all-in-all the
software is very smooth amongst the best
Android experience yet but it's still
ugly of course you can throw a
third-party launcher on top to dlg it
while retaining the neat added features
and that's a pretty good suggestion in
conclusion the LG g4 is a
Hiler smartphone one of the most
underrated and well-rounded devices on
the market today it has an unbeatable
camera incredibly well-balanced display
super battery life and a very solid
build quality
despite being plastic now as long as
you're okay with people taking no
interest in your newly purchased device
like they would with say the Samsung
Galaxy s6 edge the LG g4 is a superb
option for anyone from tech geek to
soccer mom if you've enjoyed this video
please leave it a thumbs up if you
didn't a thumbs down if you'd like to
support our channel and future videos
like these please shop through our
Amazon affiliate links snazzy zong comm
thanks for watching and as always stay
snazzy see you later folks